Update README.md (#22)
globe-and-citizen/layer8: README.md

```
Note: During routine usage, there are no special calls necessary to make use of Layer8. The res.json() & res.send() & res.end() have been overwritten by Layer8 and will be used automatically. 

## Warnings and Gotcha's

> 1) using express.json() in your server app is unnecessary. The layer8_middleware automatically parses the incoming request.

Author: ```suggestion
1) Using express.json() as middleware in main file is unnecessary. The layer8_middleware automatically parses the incoming request. If you include the line app.use(express.json()) requests will get "caught" in the express.json() middleware and not reach your other endpoints.
```
